##How to Do Things with Videogames Missing ChapterIn *How to Do Things with Videogames* Ian Bogost presents twenty different actions or sentiments that videogames can foster. Surely there are more. For this project you will write a missing chapter of *How to Do Things with Videogames*. While each of Bogosts chapters are approximately 2,500 words, your own missing chapter should be about 2,000 words. Your goal is to follow the form and style of the original chapters, but to venture a single new thing to do with videogames.Keep in mind the characteristics of the typical chapter in Bogosts book:* An introduction to the chapters theme as it exists outside the world of videogames. The introduction often presents a brief history or theoretical overview of the topic.* A pivot pointa specific instance from the history or theoretical overview that Bogost uses to pivot into the world of videogames.* The inclusion of multiple games to illustrate the theme of the chapter (or the potential of the theme). Bogost typically talks about ten or so games in each chapter, sometimes mentioning a few of them only briefly. He pulls from a variety of platforms (consoles, PCs, browser-based games, mobile devices, and so on) and he does not limit his examples strictly to well-known games, as he also includes indie, retro, and older games.* An in-depth consideration of at least one or two games.* A conclusion to the chapter that looks ahead to the future of videogames, often setting up some challenge for game developers or players to take up.In addition to these features, remember that the tone of each chapter is confident and persuasive, but also at times whimsical and wistful.You have the option of writing this missing chapter collaboratively, in a group of no more than three students. If you choose to write a collaborative chapter, I will also require a separate appendix from each group member that describes his or her contributions to the missing chapter. See below.Your Missing Chapter will be on Blackboard by class time on April 12, 2012.####Appendix for Collaborative ChaptersIf you write a collaborative chapter, only one person in the group should submit the actual chapter (be sure to include all the group members names on the chapter). Then, everyone in the group should submit a separate document, in which they address the following questions:1. Please rate the quantity of each contributors work (including yourself). For each person in the group, complete this statement: This group member * should have contributed more  * contributed just the right amount  * should have contributed less2. Please rate the quality of each contributors work (including yourself). For each person in the group, complete this statement: The quality of this group members contributions were *        unacceptable *       limited *       acceptable *       substantial *       outstanding3.     Finally, include a short paragraph in which you briefly describe what you contributed to the chapter and reflect upon the merits of your own work.